Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
My dear friends…
my dear friends…
Ladies and gentlemen
please join me in thanking
Anastasia Belikova
for joining us to celebrate
her incredible achievement.
Press from all over the world
have united
with the people of France here tonight
in honoring
the first woman to walk on the moon.
Thank you. You can go.
Did you fight in the Great Patriotic War?
I was on the front at Kursk.
She says this may not be
the first time you have met.
What is the name of the person
who gave you the documents
to bring to the Americans?
How many times do I have to say it?
I admit that I
got all the documents from a blind
drop in Volkspark Friedrichshain.
When I got to West Berlin
I threw the envelope in
a refuse bin on Bornholmer Strasse.
What is the name of the person
who gave you the documents?
I know nothing.
Listen to me.
You need to tell me what you know.
before she returns.
I've seen what she's capable of.
I can't tell you what I don't know.
You must tell me who gave you
the plans before she comes back.
It's for your own good.
You are a good person.
You are better than these Stasi pigs.
- Help me.
- What do you think I'm trying to do?
Tell me the name and I will!
I don't know it.
Tell me the name.
No. No.
Tell me the name!
He lives in Rykestrasse!
I don't know anything else!
I could only get things across the border.
I told him I couldn't help
get anything into Star City.
What do you mean get
anything into Star City?
…into Star City?
That's what you said.
No. I didn't. I didn't.
What did they want you
to get into Star City?
I'm telling you. it never happened!
It never happened!
They never told me
what they wanted to smuggle in.
I swear.
Please. my wife…
Please. she didn't know any of this…
Do not worry.
Your wife won't be seeing you
for a very long time.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-